In the last lecture we install all these packages.
Let's now create our actual workflow configuration.
I'll start with typescript of the tiers config dot chase and file in this fall.
We configure how typescript should be compiled and there are some specific options we have to set.
We said it here on the compiler option Snoad And keep in mind this is Jason not a checklist group object
here.
The first thing is the module resolution.
We should set this to note.
Does this whole typescript will analyze our modules so our imports here we also need to set emit decorator
metadata to true.
Because we're using decorators here in our setup and we need to set experimental decorator's to true
to for the same reason that build target will be ear's five so that it runs in all browsers and all
said lip.
Here to tell typescript which libraries it should use.
That would be ear's 5 and Dom and this determines which features it is aware of so that it doesn't throw
errors.
For some of the features we use with that we can move on and create a web peg dot config file.
However it will create a web pect Ican think that common Chia's file are also create a web Pech dot
conflict dot.
Def thought chairs fall and all create a web peg dot com fake dot dot dot shares fall.
So one configuration file which is used all the time common and two files one for development and for
the production workflow.
Let's start with the common webpage configuration here all set up Marchal exports as wetback WePay expects
it to export my web page configuration object and we have to start with the entry path.
So where do we want to start our process or bloat process here.
I will point to my source folder and the app and then main dot TS file.
That's my entry point.
We also have to be precise about what you want to output but it will specify this in the two other configuration
files.
So hearable continue with with resolve to make typescript aware of our typescript extensions.
So here I will set up the extensions property and it will list dot javascript and Dadds typescript sauted
where Peg recognises both types of files and well is able to use both types of files.
Next let's specify how pix should handle our modules.
On modules I need to specify some rules and rules as an array of rules.
Now here each rules a javascript object where we test for this rule to apply.
If that rule should be used and we use a regular expression.
Typically checking the file extension.
So here I will test for this being an h t m l file.
So a template basically in which case I want to apply only one loader DHB am l loader to extract that
HVM old code.
The next common rule is to test for the file being serious as file in which case I want to use one loader.
The raúl loader to simply extract the text and use it like this because there is no transformation needed.
Now that's my module handling typescript.
It will be handled in the two hour files and deferent brought because their due process will differ
depending on which kind of workflow we're running.
And now for this to work all is on the same level as the rules.
So here in module I will set expression so exper context critical to fault's avoid some nasty errors.
That's my common configuration.
Now I want to work on the two Abdur configurations.
And of course I want to merge the common configuration into them.
So we need to install another package here and install safe DAPH to store it as a development dependency
which is called web peg merge which allows us to do just that merge configurations.
Oh and I see I should have installed at Eyler animations here too.
Well let's quickly repeat this NPM installed Ashtar save at angler animations not required for disappears
and we don't use them.
But generally it doesn't hurt.
Back to Welbeck.
I want to work on my development workflow here and here I will first import a web peg merge so require
Westpac merge like this and now I also want to import my common config so require dot slash web pick
conflict common sort of it can use this.
And now here I want to export my configuration but I will use web page merge here to merge my common
conflict with a new object which now holds the specific configuration for the development of workflow
in this case.
Here I will set up my def tool and it will set this too cheap module evil source map to get the highest
level of detail source maps I can get then.
Very important I'll set the output.
So what should get created.
And here we need to set the path which needs to be an absolute path to create such an absolute path
easily.
All import Poth a node.
JS package which we can use since no chase has installed Colobus on our machine.
So we imported from the path packet shear therefore and Poth then uses this path we just imported the
resolve method to be precise and on the rissoles method I pass Durr name which simply is variable which
we have at our disposal which gets us to currently active directory.
So where does file lies in and then of course one to add another segment.
And that should be d'Este so that we store everything in a disk folder in the end.
Since I also want to copy my HMO I'll fall over there.
I will set the public parve to just slash the cost.
Tim El-Farra will live in the dist folder in the end so it will be on the same level as the ivory billed
artifacts and I'll set up a file name here.
The file name could just be bundle dot J.S..
We can also configure a chunk file name for code splitting as we will do it due to lazy loading being
in place and here I want to assign the dynamic ID which we do by enclosing it in square brackets and
then chunk dot geas.
So dead web page will automatically name these chunks.
That's the output.
Now one other thing of course want to do is I want to configure my typescript compilation so add Marchal
here to Marchal again a javascript object and it will define some rules here.
Again an array only one rule to be precise.
I would test for the File we're looking at being a typescript file with this regular expression in which
case I want to use the following Lowder's and use.
Here is kind of like an alternative to Lowder's which I used here so here I want to use a couple of
Lowder's and I'll just use just different notation here.
The awesome typescript loader here.
And I want to pass some options which is the reason why I used this different notation d option I want
to set here as I want to set trends pile only to two if we don't set is it would analyze all our typescript
faults even the ones which are not included in this bill process.
And this would lead to problems when we later add ahead of time computation.
So that's the only loader needed to configure like this.
The other are straightforward.
We've got the angular Q template loader like this and we get the overload are here Dieng or router load
for loading lazy loaded routes like that that are all the development process rules I wanted to add.
Finally I want to also add another set up here I want to configure the def server so the development
server we're using I want to set history API fallback to true so that we can use these HMO five mode
of having our parts without that hash bang in between.
And I'll set the stats too minimal but that is up to you.
Now with that we achieved quite a lot but we're not there yet.
First of all I notice there is a bug here.
We need to fix that disk to justice not slashed wrist but more important than that.
Right now we're not handling our next HVM whole file.
We're handing average html files with the HDMI loader but we simply want to copy the index file into
our disk folder and automatically add the import to the created bundled files.
So what I do is in the common config file I'll add plug ins and add an array here and there.
I want to use a specific plug in which I need to install first.
I will install it with NPM again save death as a development dependency and it's called h t m l weap
pack plug in and it will basically copy our HDMI file or we can configure it to copy it I should say
so here and plug ins I can now add it.
But first I need to import it at the top here.
I import d h t m l weap pag plug in y require h t m l where Peg plug in.
And now we use it in the plugins array with new HVM l WEP plug in and we can pass them options and we
will here.
I will set a template to use.
Otherwise it would create a brand new age Chimo file which I don't want.
I want to use my source index h him out file as a template so that it basically copies to contemned
also adds descript imports and then creates this new HDMI file based on the one in the source folder
in the disk folder.
Now with that we wrote quite a bit of code.
Now let's try this in the next lecture and let's set up a develop and workflow.